then Jared bail that is Gideon and all
then Jared bail that is Gideon and all the people who were with him rose early
the people who were with him rose early
the people who were with him rose early and encamped beside the well of Herod so
and encamped beside the well of Herod so
and encamped beside the well of Herod so that the camp of the Midianites was on
that the camp of the Midianites was on
that the camp of the Midianites was on the north side of them by the hill of
the north side of them by the hill of
the north side of them by the hill of Marin in the valley and the Lord said to
Marin in the valley and the Lord said to
Marin in the valley and the Lord said to Gideon the people who are with you are
Gideon the people who are with you are
Gideon the people who are with you are too many for me to give the Midianites
too many for me to give the Midianites
too many for me to give the Midianites into their hands lest Israel claimed
into their hands lest Israel claimed
into their hands lest Israel claimed glory for itself against me saying my
glory for itself against me saying my
glory for itself against me saying my own hand has saved me
own hand has saved me
own hand has saved me now therefore proclaim in the hearing of
now therefore proclaim in the hearing of
now therefore proclaim in the hearing of the people say whoever is fearful and
the people say whoever is fearful and
the people say whoever is fearful and afraid let him turn and depart at once
afraid let him turn and depart at once
afraid let him turn and depart at once from Mount Gilead and 22,000 of the
from Mount Gilead and 22,000 of the
from Mount Gilead and 22,000 of the people returned and ten thousand
people returned and ten thousand
people returned and ten thousand remained but the Lord said to Gideon the
remained but the Lord said to Gideon the
remained but the Lord said to Gideon the people are still too many bring them
people are still too many bring them
people are still too many bring them down to the water and I will test them
down to the water and I will test them
down to the water and I will test them for you then then it will be that of
for you then then it will be that of
for you then then it will be that of whom I say to you this one shall go with
whom I say to you this one shall go with
whom I say to you this one shall go with you the same shall go with you and of
you the same shall go with you and of
you the same shall go with you and of whom ever I say to you this one shall
whom ever I say to you this one shall
whom ever I say to you this one shall not go with you the same shall not go so
not go with you the same shall not go so
not go with you the same shall not go so he brought the people down to the water
he brought the people down to the water
he brought the people down to the water and the Lord said to Gideon everyone who
and the Lord said to Gideon everyone who
and the Lord said to Gideon everyone who laps from the water with his tongue as a
laps from the water with his tongue as a
laps from the water with his tongue as a dog laps
dog laps
dog laps usual set apart by himself likewise
usual set apart by himself likewise
usual set apart by himself likewise everyone who gets down on his knees to
everyone who gets down on his knees to
everyone who gets down on his knees to drink and the number of those who left
drink and the number of those who left
drink and the number of those who left putting their hand to their mouth was
putting their hand to their mouth was
putting their hand to their mouth was 300 men but all the rest of the people
300 men but all the rest of the people
300 men but all the rest of the people got down on their knees to drink water
got down on their knees to drink water
got down on their knees to drink water then the Lord said to Gideon by the
then the Lord said to Gideon by the
then the Lord said to Gideon by the three hundred men who left I will save
three hundred men who left I will save
three hundred men who left I will save and deliver the Midianites into your
and deliver the Midianites into your
and deliver the Midianites into your hand let all the other people go every
hand let all the other people go every
hand let all the other people go every man to his place
man to his place
man to his place [Music]
so the people took provisions and their
so the people took provisions and their trumpets in their hands and he sent away
trumpets in their hands and he sent away
trumpets in their hands and he sent away all the rest of Israel every man to his
all the rest of Israel every man to his
all the rest of Israel every man to his tent and retained those 300 men now the
tent and retained those 300 men now the
tent and retained those 300 men now the camp of Midian was below him in the
camp of Midian was below him in the
camp of Midian was below him in the valley it happened on the same night
valley it happened on the same night
valley it happened on the same night that the Lord said to him arise go down
that the Lord said to him arise go down
that the Lord said to him arise go down against the camp for I have delivered it
against the camp for I have delivered it
against the camp for I have delivered it into your hand but if you are afraid to
into your hand but if you are afraid to
into your hand but if you are afraid to go down go down to the camp with purely
go down go down to the camp with purely
go down go down to the camp with purely your servant and you shall hear what
your servant and you shall hear what
your servant and you shall hear what they say and afterward your hands shall
they say and afterward your hands shall
they say and afterward your hands shall be strengthened to go down against the
be strengthened to go down against the
be strengthened to go down against the camp then he went down with purrr his
camp then he went down with purrr his
camp then he went down with purrr his servant to the outpost of the armed men
servant to the outpost of the armed men
servant to the outpost of the armed men who were in the camp now the Midianites
who were in the camp now the Midianites
who were in the camp now the Midianites and Amalekites all the people of the
and Amalekites all the people of the
and Amalekites all the people of the east were lying in the valley as
east were lying in the valley as
east were lying in the valley as numerous as locusts and their camels
numerous as locusts and their camels
numerous as locusts and their camels were without number as the sand by the
were without number as the sand by the
were without number as the sand by the seashore in multitude and when Gideon
seashore in multitude and when Gideon
seashore in multitude and when Gideon had come there was a man telling a dream
had come there was a man telling a dream
had come there was a man telling a dream to his companion I have had a dream to
to his companion I have had a dream to
to his companion I have had a dream to my surprise a loaf of barley bread
my surprise a loaf of barley bread
my surprise a loaf of barley bread tumbled into the camp of Midian it came
tumbled into the camp of Midian it came
tumbled into the camp of Midian it came to a tent and struck its soul that it
to a tent and struck its soul that it
to a tent and struck its soul that it fell and overturned and the tent
fell and overturned and the tent
fell and overturned and the tent collapsed this is nothing else but the
collapsed this is nothing else but the
collapsed this is nothing else but the sword of Gideon
sword of Gideon
sword of Gideon the son of joash a man of Israel
the son of joash a man of Israel
the son of joash a man of Israel into his hand God has delivered Midian
into his hand God has delivered Midian
into his hand God has delivered Midian and the whole camp and so it was when
and the whole camp and so it was when
and the whole camp and so it was when Gideon heard the telling of the dream
Gideon heard the telling of the dream
Gideon heard the telling of the dream and its interpretation that he worshiped
and its interpretation that he worshiped
and its interpretation that he worshiped he returned to the camp of Israel and
he returned to the camp of Israel and
he returned to the camp of Israel and said arise where the Lord has delivered
said arise where the Lord has delivered
said arise where the Lord has delivered the camp of Midian into your hand he
the camp of Midian into your hand he
the camp of Midian into your hand he divided the three hundred men into three
divided the three hundred men into three
divided the three hundred men into three companies and he put a trumpet into
companies and he put a trumpet into
companies and he put a trumpet into every man's hand with empty pitchers and
every man's hand with empty pitchers and
every man's hand with empty pitchers and torches inside the pitchers look at me
torches inside the pitchers look at me
torches inside the pitchers look at me and do likewise watch and when I come to
and do likewise watch and when I come to
and do likewise watch and when I come to the edge of the camp you shall do as I
the edge of the camp you shall do as I
the edge of the camp you shall do as I do when I blow the trumpet I and all who
do when I blow the trumpet I and all who
do when I blow the trumpet I and all who are with me then you also blow the
are with me then you also blow the
are with me then you also blow the trumpets on every side of the whole camp
trumpets on every side of the whole camp
trumpets on every side of the whole camp and say the sword of the Lord and of
and say the sword of the Lord and of
and say the sword of the Lord and of Gideon so Gideon and the hundred men who
Gideon so Gideon and the hundred men who
Gideon so Gideon and the hundred men who were with him came to the outpost of the
were with him came to the outpost of the
were with him came to the outpost of the camp at the beginning of the middle
camp at the beginning of the middle
camp at the beginning of the middle watch just as they opposed to the mark
watch just as they opposed to the mark
watch just as they opposed to the mark and they blew the trumpets and broke the
and they blew the trumpets and broke the
and they blew the trumpets and broke the pictures that were in their hands and
pictures that were in their hands and
pictures that were in their hands and the three companies blew the trumpets
the three companies blew the trumpets
the three companies blew the trumpets and broke the pitchers they held the
and broke the pitchers they held the
and broke the pitchers they held the torches in their left hands and the
torches in their left hands and the
torches in their left hands and the trumpets and their right hands for
trumpets and their right hands for
trumpets and their right hands for blowing and they cried
stood in his place all around the camp
stood in his place all around the camp and whole army ran and cried out and
and whole army ran and cried out and
and whole army ran and cried out and fled
300 blew the trumpets the Lord said
300 blew the trumpets the Lord said every man's sword against his companion
every man's sword against his companion
every man's sword against his companion throughout the whole camp and the army
throughout the whole camp and the army
throughout the whole camp and the army fled to beth acacia toward zero as far
fled to beth acacia toward zero as far
fled to beth acacia toward zero as far as the borders of Abel Netherland
as the borders of Abel Netherland
as the borders of Abel Netherland by Tabitha and the men of Israel
by Tabitha and the men of Israel
by Tabitha and the men of Israel gathered together from NAFTA lie
gathered together from NAFTA lie
gathered together from NAFTA lie Asher and all Manasseh and pursued the
Asher and all Manasseh and pursued the
Asher and all Manasseh and pursued the Midianites then Gideon sent messengers
Midianites then Gideon sent messengers
Midianites then Gideon sent messengers throughout all the mountains of Ephraim
throughout all the mountains of Ephraim
throughout all the mountains of Ephraim come down against the Midianites and
come down against the Midianites and
come down against the Midianites and seize from them the watering places as
seize from them the watering places as
seize from them the watering places as far as Beth Farrah and the Jordan then
far as Beth Farrah and the Jordan then
far as Beth Farrah and the Jordan then all the men of the frame gathered
all the men of the frame gathered
all the men of the frame gathered together and seized the watering places
together and seized the watering places
together and seized the watering places as far as Beth Bearer and the Jordan and
as far as Beth Bearer and the Jordan and
as far as Beth Bearer and the Jordan and they captured two princes of the
they captured two princes of the
they captured two princes of the Midianites Arab and Zia
Midianites Arab and Zia
Midianites Arab and Zia they killed Aaron at the rock of Odin
they killed Aaron at the rock of Odin
they killed Aaron at the rock of Odin and zib they killed the winepress of Zia
and zib they killed the winepress of Zia
and zib they killed the winepress of Zia they pursued Midian and brought the
they pursued Midian and brought the
they pursued Midian and brought the heads of Oh Reb and Zia to Gideon
heads of Oh Reb and Zia to Gideon
heads of Oh Reb and Zia to Gideon on the other side of the jaw
on the other side of the jaw
on the other side of the jaw you